How is the second brother?
Mrs. Bai Dao is a new company
Equivalent to the heart
Come to the end
I regret it, actually
But it's not impossible.
So I'll give you some medicine.
What do you press?
When you feel better
I will operate on you myself
Thank you
I want to talk to grandpa
Just chat alone
What's your birthday?
Grandpa
Grandma is ok
As long as you are fine
These years
Grandma already regards you as my biological granddaughter
No matter whose child you are
You Forever
It's my grandson Li Yueluo
Grandma left one in the house before
There's a gentleman outside
The bone in grandma's hand is here
It's all chicken soup
What are you talking about, grandma?
Listen to grandma first
Prodigal people
I kind of figured it out.
Until I have not yet established myself
Mysterious acid engraving
They don't have mental gifts
What if this thing is handed over to them?
Sooner or later, you will fail
Grandma, that's yours.
I can't take it.
Those things are mine
I can give it to whoever I want
Don't be burdened.
Grandma is getting old
The only one who can't worry
It's you.
Learn love in the future
If they bully you
Or your biological family to you
With grandma, I'll leave you a fortune
You won't suffer
Grandma, you will be fine
OK
It will be better tomorrow.
Grandma
You have to look into my eyes and see people with your own eyes